I told you to prepare the letter.
I know I didn't do well before.
I care about you very much anyway.
Tomorrow is such a big event, and I want to accompany you in everything.
After all, you will still be my name for the rest of my life.
No, no, no, you said that suddenly,
I'm used to everything. I will come to Quanjiao Company.
When the security guard He Xin becomes your boyfriend,
I will still accompany you during your birth.
Don't run, run the process again.
Run the process again.
Go through the process again. If you don’t remember it, you can’t go out. As long as I’m not under your door, then it’s
Yes, yes, yes,
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes, yes, yes,
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes